Hello uncle
How's it going?
The person behind Lu Shao Zhang Sheng is ready to take action
If we're right
It should be Shangmin, the descendant of the provincial governor Sun family
Sun Shangmin
Well, in that case
Then keep Zhang Sen
Nothing.
Lu Ran, what is Sun Shaocheng this time?
You're done.
Who are you?
What do you want?
Zhang Zi
If you've been lying in a hospital bed
Even if you can't breathe
But you woke up
What do you mean?
What did you do to me and my dad back then?
You are unwilling
You kill me now
You'll never know who's going to destroy your family
provincial capital Sun family Sun Shangming
How do you know?
Tomorrow, everyone from Jingzhou will know who you are